docs(catalog): Remove WIP (#5383)
backstage/backstage: plugins/catalog/README.md

# Backstage Catalog Frontend

This is the frontend part of the default catalog plugin.

It will implement the core API for handling your catalog of software, and
supply the base views to show and manage them.

## Getting Started

This frontend plugin can be started in a standalone mode from directly in this package
with `yarn start`. However, it will have limited functionality and that process is
most convenient when developing the catalog frontend plugin itself.

To evaluate the catalog and have a greater amount of functionality available, from the main
Backstage root folder, instead do:

```bash
yarn dev
```

> This will launch both the front and backend in same window, populated some example entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will launch both frontend and backend in the same window, populated with some example entities.
```
